------------------------------------------------------------------------
HP Software Licence Agreement

ATTENTION: USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO THE HP SOFTWARE LICENSE
TERMS SET FORTH BELOW. USING THE SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF
THESE LICENSE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU MUST
RETURN THE SOFTWARE FOR A FULL REFUND. IF THE SOFTWARE IS SUPPLIED WITH
ANOTHER PRODUCT, YOU MAY RETURN THE ENTIRE UNUSED PRODUCT FOR A FULL
REFUND.

HP SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS

The following License Terms govern your use of the accompanying Software
unless you have a separate written agreement with HP.

License Grant. HP grants you a license to Use one copy of the Software.
"Use" means storing, loading, installing, executing or displaying the
Software. You may not modify the Software or disable any licensing or
control features of the Software. If the Software is licensed for
"concurrent use", you may not allow more than the maximum number of
authorized users to Use the Software concurrently.

Ownership. The Software is owned and copyrighted by HP or its third
party suppliers. Your license confers no title or ownership in the Software and is not a sale of any rights in the Software. HP's third party suppliers may protect their rights in the event of any violation of these License Terms.

Copies and Adaptations. You may only make copies or adaptations of the
Software for archival purposes or when copying or adaptation is an
essential step in the authorized Use of the Software. You must reproduce
all copyright notices in the original Software on all copies or
adaptations. You may not copy the Software onto any bulletin board or
similar system.

No Disassembly or Decryption. You may not disassemble or decompile the
Software unless HP's prior written consent is obtained. In some
jurisdictions, HP's consent may not be required for disassembly or
decompilation. Upon request, you will provide HP with reasonably
detailed information regarding any disassembly or decompilation. You may
not decrypt the Software unless decryption is a necessary part of the
operation of the Software.

Transfer. Your license will automatically terminate upon any transfer of
the Software. Upon transfer, you must deliver the Software, including
any copies and related documentation, to the transferee. The transferee
must accept these License Terms as a condition to the transfer.

Termination. HP may terminate your license upon notice for failure to
comply with any of these License Terms. Upon termination, you must
immediately destroy the Software, together with all copies, adaptations
and merged portions in any form.

Export Requirements. You may not export or re-export the Software or any
copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.

U.S. Government Restricted Rights. The Software and documentation have
been developed entirely at private expense and are provided as
"Commercial Computer Software" or "restricted computer software". They
are delivered and licensed as "commercial computer software" as defined
in DFARS 252.227-7013 (Oct 1988), DFARS 252.211-7015 (May 1991) or DFARS
252.227-7014 (Jun 1995), as a "commercial item" as defined in FAR 2.101
(a), or as "Restricted computer software" as defined in FAR 52.227-19
(Jun 1987) (or any equivalent agency regulation or contract clause),
whichever is applicable. You have only those rights provided for such
Software and Documentation by the applicable FAR or DFARS clause or the
HP standard software agreement for the product.

HEWLETT-PACKARD LIMITED WARRANTY STATEMENT
1. HP warrants to you, the end-user customer, that HP hardware,
accessories and supplies, will be free from defects in materials and
workmanship after the date of purchase, for the period specified above.
If HP receives notice of such defects during the warranty period, HP
will, at its option, either repair or replace products which prove to be
defective.
2. HP warrants to you that HP software will not fail to execute its
programming instructions after the date of purchase, for the period
specified above, due to defects in material and workmanship when
properly installed and used. If HP receives notice of such defects
during the warranty period, HP will replace software media which does
not execute its programming instructions due to such defects.
3. HP does not warrant that the operation of HP products will be
uninterrupted or error free. HP products may contain remanufactured
parts equivalent to new in performance or may have been subject to
incidental use. If HP is unable, within a reasonable time, to repair or
replace any product to a condition as warranted, you will be entitled to
a refund of the purchase price upon prompt return of the product.
4. Warranty does not apply to defects resulting from (a) improper or
inadequate maintenance or calibration, (b) software, interfacing, parts
or supplies not supplied by HP, (c) unauthorized specifications for the
product, or (e) improper site preparation or maintenance.

5. ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE IS LIMITED TO THE DURATION OF THE EXPRESS WARRANTY SET FORTH
ABOVE. Some states or provinces do not allow limitations on the duration
of an implied warranty, so the above limitation or exclusion might not
apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you
might also have other rights that vary from state to state, or province
to province.
6. THE REMEDIES IN THIS WARRANTY STATEMENT ARE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
REMEDIES. EXCEPT AS INDICATED ABOVE, IN NO EVENT WILL HP BE LIABLE FOR
LOSS OF DATA OR FOR DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL
(INCLUDING LOST PROFIT), OR OTHER DAMAGE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT,
TORT, OR OTHERWISE. Some states or provinces do not allow the exclusion
or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above
limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.